HCIDOCS-202: Document updated RAID support (#71104)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-configuring-the-raid.adoc

[id="configuring-the-raid_{context}"]
= Optional: Configuring the RAID

The following procedure configures a redundant array of independent disks (RAID) using baseboard management controllers (BMCs) during the installation process.

[NOTE]
====

> If you want to configure a hardware RAID for the node, verify that the node has a supported RAID controller. {product-title} 4.15 does not support software RAID.

Reviewer: Question: is there a particular reason to not use {product-version} instead of a specific version number that you'd have to update for each release? In either case you'd have to take the time to remove the sentence from `main` once/if it becomes supported.

```suggestion
If you want to configure a hardware RAID for the node, verify that the node has a supported RAID controller. {product-title} {product-version} does not support software RAID.
```

====

.Hardware RAID support by vendor
[options="header"]
|====
|Vendor protocol |Firmware version|RAID levels
|Fujitsu iRMC |N/A|0, 1, 5, 6, and 10

> |Dell Redfish API with iDRAC | Version 6.10.30.20 or later | 0, 1, and 5

Reviewer 2: Perhaps split into two columns for clartiy: Vendor BMC and Protocol, and let the entries be: 
Fujitsu iRMC, iRMC
Dell iDRAC, Redfish

CC: @rhjanders
